where Clayton runs the town of
Wellspring to the east and I gotta get a
message to him and you you're the only
one that can do it our supplies are
getting low and the mayor's promised
help we need to get restocked before the
bandits cut us off again can you make
the trip I knew I could count on you
remember you ain't got any guns on that
buggy yours you run across any bandits
you get away as quickly as possible and
get the town it'll be safer there
as fast as you can
you need to see matt wayton
wait a sec I'm telling you here don't
you move
hello sir got a man here to see you
looks like dancing to me right away no
matter can see you now but hold on we
got a few rules here in Willis Creek you
see people don't exactly take the
strength is here just you keep your head
down and mouth shut and you'll do just
fine folks here are mighty suspicious
they aren't gonna just trust you that's
first my advice
let's keep to yourself okay to get to
the mayor's office just cross the
courtyard once you're in town
welcome to wellspring stranger the best
little town this side of what passes for
civilization and a few good safe miles
from any authority outposts nicest
people you'll ever find they're right
here
friendly folk not your Wasteland bandits
come good honest people well enough with
all that so I hear you have a message
from our friend Dan let's have it then
having some trouble with bandits in the
settlement again dangerous life out
there
deadly well I can get all this stuff he
needs gonna take some time though not
sure how long he must really respect you
to give you this important job so for
now I'll trust you too you could stay
here at wellspring well I'll get his
supplies but not dressed like that
you'll bring the authorities sniffing
around and I sure don't need that so
you'll need to lose the ark suit for
something a bit more modern go see the
vendor in town get some new clothes I
don't care what you do with that suit as
long as no one sees you in it again you
blend in understand good glad we
understand each other when you come back
we can have another little chat
will you look at how you're dressed I
haven't seen anyone wearing an art suit
for a long time dangerous thing you're
doing there
be careful authority spots you and
you'll be hauled away in a flash you
best keep as low profile as you can
around here the man from the past what's
who my daughter goes to shoot no but
let's first talk about that suit you're
wearing I can take it off your hands for
a fair trade and get you something less
each of the suit possesses unique
characteristics it's up to you to decide
what works best for you
the roughneck very good indeed
remember i buy and sell all manner of
goods here